Does it still hurt?  Here too?
At the painting workshop,
Why didn't you tell me? You're
a first-timer. I said
if you told me, you'd be forgiven.
I would
have the doctor take care of you. I have
other things to do. I'll be out for a bit,
you rest, Huo
Jiuling. Wait, can you
tell her to have
the doctor give me my medicine?
Will she be
angry? Forget it, I'll go buy it.
I want to walk outside the manor.
May I?
When do you want to go?
Now, is that alright?
The medicine must be taken
within seventy-two
hours.
Otherwise, it's ineffective.
I'll arrange someone to take you.
Who will take me?
Wait, you'll see.
This is where the elders
held their important discussions.
Hello. Nice to meet you.
It's a pleasure.
I'm Hodia,
or Dia.
Hello.
You're Huo Jiuling's…
He's my brother.
His wife is here.